yeah what's up guys this days neck cut
Illuminati calm and I'm gonna teach you
guys the real fast nuke push for CT side
and it works really well
somehow we do a lot and what's going to
happen as you're gonna send four people
towards up here at the start and one
person ramp and this Ram guys just going
to kind of watch for the push and then
he's gonna end up pushing ramp light but
it's mainly to take control of the hut
and then you're gonna have one guy kind
of suicide and distracting so you can
take control of the hut and that's going
to be the poor guy so what's gonna
happen is you're gonna have three guys
coming up heaven and one guy coming mini
and this guy mini is gonna come here and
he's gonna use his smoke and his flash
and he's gonna go and he's gonna do
something like smoke maybe barrels like
that so looks like you're out here guys
playing there and then he's gonna
pre-fly shout her and then he can come
in free flash you know do whatever to
watch for the the rush over here good
thing would be maybe it's a flash dark
spot like that afterwards and then he's
gonna get right here next to door he's
just gonna wait now the other two guys
what they're going to do is they're
going to be pushing Hut and what you
want them to do is they want to come
here and they're going to come down
towards the yellow and you're gonna want
one of them diving off and he's going to
check the dark spot real fast and for
God's there he's gonna kill them and
then when we like them to do is they
come here and they're really fast they
double smoke mini that way if anybody
goes outer it's going to be hard for
them to take a mini and they're also
gonna think someone's many because of
those smokes most likely they're just
gonna think it's single smoked and the
CT is playing on it okay and he's gonna
spot right here
and then the tea is gonna get a bit of
the The Rifles gonna give a bit up close
he's gonna flash in here he's gonna jump
across and he's gonna get in dark spot
and that's his job when he jumps across
this guy's gonna come here and you could
either off this or he could just jump
across right here and spot like this
okay now what's gonna happen is the guy
that I said was next to door is gonna
get flashed into door by this guy and
he's gonna come here and that guy's
gonna open door and he's gonna flash in
and that guy doors gonna rush at the
same time that the you guys were pushing
huh so you wanted to him do it
simultaneously all right so at that
point once you get set up that's when
it's the ramp guys you know cue to kind
of get pushed okay after that guy throws
that flash he's gonna come back and he's
just gonna play safety he's gonna kind
of spot out her from heaven you know
he's just gonna kind of you know he can
come ramp if they killed a guy ramp he
could watch it ran from corridor he's
just gonna be like the safety and he's
gonna kind of roam all right once that
opera gets in hut and he's posted right
here the ramp guy knows that he could
push up and all he has to really worry
about is radio room you know and he
knows that they can't be right here so
what we like him to do is he comes right
here maybe he spots it a little bit and
we like him to come here and he could
throw this flash and then pushes with a
rifle it just clears out this and then
once this is clear he could just hold
around here wait until there's some
action and then just rush in here and
start fighting people when the hut guys
start fighting people all right
that's pretty simple it's how it's done
if they start going outer that guy can
call it and then once so smoke this
smokes dissipate this guy can come here
quickly a peek window and kind of hold
both spots and it ends up working really
well really you know catches teams off
guard especially if they're sending
people out ER you know it's a team
that's been sending like two or three
people out ER and you know that their
lobbies push it into our thought but
Lobby hold is gonna be weak you just go
ahead and you take control lobby and
have just a huge advantage maybe kill
two of them n are put in like a for v3
situation you have controlled our lobby
and it's just you know you're in a great
spot to win the round it's always good
you know to show people different setups
and kind of change your stuff you know
SCT you kind of want to be playing
almost like a tea a lot of the time
where you're adapting just as much as
they are all right so this is days of
netcode Illuminati calm thanks for
looking at the commentary appreciate it
see you guys in the next one